Fix user role inconsistencies between Cloud, 25.1, and older ENT versions (#658)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-24.2/cli/commands.mdx

Run `tw studios -h` to view the list of supported operations.

> Manage [Studio sessions](../data_studios/overview) hosted in Seqera Platform. Studio sessions allow interactive analysis using Jupyter, RStudio, VSCode, and Xpra. Additional custom analysis environments can be defined as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage [Studio sessions](../data_studios/overview) hosted in Seqera Platform. Studio sessions allow interactive analysis using Jupyter, RStudio, VS Code, and Xpra. Additional custom analysis environments can be defined as needed.
```
